Adding configflow documentation (#31943)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/downloader.markdown

ha_release: pre 0.7
ha_quality_scale: internal
ha_domain: downloader
ha_codeowners:
  - '@erwindouna'
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `downloader` integration provides a service to download files. It will raise an error and not continue to set itself up when the download directory does not exist. The directory needs to be writable for the user that is running Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Downloader** {% term integration %} provides a service to download files. It will raise an error and not continue to set itself up when the download directory does not exist. The directory needs to be writable for the user that is running Home Assistant.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (eg. .homeassistant/downloads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, .homeassistant/downloads).
```
